
This program, ChadaFrequency.cpp, was made to help with the inventory of Corner Grocer. It does this by examining a list of items from a text file, one per line, and then presenting a menu to the user, allowing four different actions; print out each item and the number of times it appears,  print out each item with a symbol by it, the number of symbols being the number of times it appears, search for a specific item to see how many times that one appears, and to exit out of the program. I feel like its essential functions were made particularly well, but it could use some 
work with the consmetic aspects, as it appears rather simple. In addition, it could have a greeting, but I feel that this program is simple enough to have many uses, so keeping it as is could allow it to be reused for many general data sorting applications. In my opinion, the hardest part was the debugging, as I ran into a very confusing bug in Visual Studio where my input would appear to not do anything to my output after I saved my file and changed its name. I had nbo idea what to do, but after a while, I found out that directly linking to the file location instead of   just referencing the file name made it work again. The answer came from a post on Microsoft Answers, and I think that that will come in handy with my future programming issues. I think that the most important skill refined from this project is file management, as this program requires a 
number of external files to run properly, and I feel that the number of files in the average program I write will only increase as time goes on. As explained before, this program is very simple and designed to be used for other applications as well, so it's certainly adaptable, and I made it extra readable by putting comments where needed, describing the functions and various other aspects of the code and what they should do.
